Add documentation for qbs build helper and qbs toolchain (#1978)
conan-io/docs: creating_packages/toolchains/qbs.rst

.. _conan-qbs-toolchain:

QbsToolchain
==============

.. warning::

    This is an **experimental** feature subject to breaking changes in future releases.

The ``QbsToolchain`` can be used in the ``generate()`` method:

.. code:: python

    from conans import ConanFile

>     from conan.tools.meson import QbsToolchain

Reviewer: This import looks wrong to me.

Author: Jap, copy and paste got me here. Thx for pointing out.

.. _conan-qbs-toolchain:

QbsToolchain
==============

.. warning::

    This is an **experimental** feature subject to breaking changes in future releases.

The ``QbsToolchain`` can be used in the ``generate()`` method:

.. code:: python

    from conans import ConanFile
    from conan.tools.meson import QbsToolchain

    class App(ConanFile):
        settings = "os", "arch", "compiler", "build_type"
        requires = "hello/0.1"
        options = {"shared": [True, False]}
        default_options = {"shared": False}

        def generate(self):
            tc = QbsToolchain(self)
            tc.generate()

> The ``QbsToolchain`` will generate the following file during ``conan install``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``QbsToolchain`` will generate the following file during :command:`conan install`
```

command (or before calling the ``build()`` method when the package is being

> built in the cache): ``conan_toolchain.qbs``. This file will contain a qbs profile

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
built in the cache): *conan_toolchain.qbs*. This file will contain a qbs profile
```

> named ``conan_toolchain_profile``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
named *conan_toolchain_profile*.
```

> ``conan_toolchain.qbs`` will contain the definitions of all the Qbs properties

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*conan_toolchain.qbs* will contain the definitions of all the Qbs properties
```

related to the Conan options and settings for the current package, platform,
etc. This includes the following:

> * Detection of compiler

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Detection of compiler.
```

>   * Based on the compiler set in environment variable ``CC``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Based on the compiler set in environment variable ``CC``.
```

>   * Uses detected system compiler based on Conan setting ``compiler`` if environment variable ``CC`` is not set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Uses detected system compiler based on Conan setting ``compiler`` if environment variable ``CC`` is not set.
```

> * Detection of compiler flags from environment (as defined at https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Implicit-Variables.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Detection of compiler flags from environment (as defined at https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Implicit-Variables.html):
```

  * ``ASFLAGS``

  * ``CFLAGS``

  * ``CPPFLAGS``

  * ``CXXFLAGS``

  * ``LDFLAGS``

> * Detection of sysroot from environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Detection of sysroot from environment.
```

> * Detection of ``build_type`` from Conan settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Detection of ``build_type`` from Conan settings.
```

> * Detection of ``arch`` from Conan settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Detection of ``arch`` from Conan settings.
```

> * Detection of ``compiler.cxxstd`` from Conan settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Detection of ``compiler.cxxstd`` from Conan settings.
```

> * Detection of ``fPIC``
> 
>   * Based on existance/value of a option named ``fPIC``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Detection of ``fPIC`` based on the existence of such option in the recipe.
```
